bpo-35803: Document and test dir=PathLike for tempfile (#11644)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Documentation/2019-01-21-14-30-59.bpo-35803.yae6Lq.rst

> Document and test that ``tempfile`` functions may take a ``dir`` which

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase this to 

```suggestion
Document and test that ``tempfile`` functions may accept a
:term:`path-like object` for the ``dir`` argument.  Patch by Anthony Sottile.
```

right now it sounds like the `dir` argument is newly added to the functions.

Reviewer 2: +1 on this comment, LGTM otherwise.

> is a :term:`path-like object`.  Patch by Anthony Sottile

Reviewer 3: Minor nit

```suggestion
is a :term:`path-like object`.  Patch by Anthony Sottile.
```

Reviewer 3: Also can state the two functions directly here instead of tempfile functions?

Author: it's not just two functions, it's every function in the `tempfile` module

Author: ah I see what you're saying here.

I only added the `versionchanged` comment to the two functions following the convention for the versionchanged directly above it.  The functions in the `tempfile` module all mention "The dir, prefix and suffix parameters have the same meaning and defaults as with mkstemp()." and don't document those parameters themselves

Document and test that ``tempfile`` functions may accept a
:term:`path-like object` for the ``dir`` argument.  Patch by Anthony Sottile.

> is a :term:`path-like object`.  Patch by Anthony Sottile.

Reviewer 2: The suggestion went awry here; this last line needs to go away.

Author: oops! fixed
